Scratardo Florardo, man you know the rules
I do not have to explain them, but I will
Anyway, if a laugh you will lose very simple rules
You can start this challenge now by pressing the Like button
Let's do it guys, if you press the button of admiration
You will support a humanitarian cause, ha ha
I thought I would do something good for people. Good joke
let's start. Let's start everyone. Okay
I've seen this before
Ok, well this is my face right now, not impressed by it, although it is a very good adjustment, probably stolen by someone
Well, it seems so far very good. I'm still excited. I am still a winner
Guys. Can we keep this? This is far from where we got it
a snake
No, no, I did not laugh, I just laugh myself. It had nothing to do with the video
I felt bored. I was thinking about other things. What was the snake's plan?
Well Well
Scottish accents are known for being difficult to understand, but the accent can be more difficult
Glasweigan delasco in Norwegian Norwegian (speaking of dialect)
I loved the Glassfian accent and I was wondering if you could teach me some local phrases
Well, he is very happy that I will be so. (Most words are inaccurate)
I hope you have eyes (hard to understand)
You understand? * Laughing pewds *
you do not understand? * Laugh *
My God, I thought I had it for a while, is it just a joke or just an expansion of blood vessels?
Well, this is very difficult
*babbler*
Exit the main Dangos
Sorry, open your eyes
Hardly heard his eyes, you see is not so difficult
* Laugh *
I understand well, stupid. This outfit is cute. Did your husband give it to you?
In fact, I bought this for me on the tenth anniversary. Is not he just darling?
He is my favorite friend and companion of my life. I am not ashamed of myself nor should I
Do I have to ?. Because I'm someone with strange abilities?
Incidental exposure to radioactive spider blood will not be tolerant of those different creatures about you. You are on the wrong side of history
Spider Man
I have seen this mim before but frankly Jack made it better. Well done. Do you believe Disney published this?
blatant
Homosexuality
Disgusting. What will they do next? Burn someone on some jokes?
What is that
No, this is it? 200,000 views? Yes
Yes
Short and stupid. What is Yes in Japanese? Hello. Yes really. Yeah
Oh
Eeeh? Oh, it's like eeeh
He speaks it ....
(Japanese words) I bet they are not even half the volume
From doing the sound. He should have asked me, I would have done better then
Yes, choose PewDiePie wow
No this is not true
Markiplier Red pewdiepie
green pewdiepie better than real. Hey
What do you get?
The food will be made. very nice. I do not know why I love this Mim it was fantastic
My God
Mentos
I mean, I'll buy a mintuz afterwards. Montuz Please be my sponsor, I need patrons (means to advertise them)
Well, if you represent a company, you feel you have a lot of money
Let me know - I'll b- x3
I will strengthen you, I told you guys
But what advice would you give to kids like me doing videos on YouTube but dreaming of having life-creating movies?
I would say I will say well
You have to take a deep breath and give up
No, the system is rigged against you. Hard work and talent will not pay off
Nothing is on our way and we barely got here you do not have a chance
You do it, you know, you make movies there (YouTube) that idea you like
You're doing this, you know, I'm sure it means it
No contradiction. He tells him that he has already achieved his goal
What I feel is that my mind has slowed down more than anything that I can say to him
I always say it as well
It's a common thing to do and I understand perfectly
that they
It is very similar to the same thing. From now on I will not get a restriction. I will do ... instead of saying the word F
I will say * screams *
I can not even do it as well. My God
right Now
divine
Oh my God, so they won the war all. So they won the war
Hey
Yes really
Jump to fight
Villains do not even pay attention to ... ... to get into the heart of the subject
Michael is here
This has a lot of nipples
The mates
Jack's movie is wonderful
Good. what do you want ? clap?
That's all you get. Well, I've watched this video. It is heroic work. Okay. Just a witness
Here is the most epic idea of ​​all time
Who made this burger?
"Who made this burger?"
"Who made this burger?" "I know you hear me."
Jason, I've created
Jason, you've created a man.
So let me start. I just want to ask what this documentary is
You only know, I will just ask directly. Is this just a trifle to make people feel better about Paul Logan? Yes. at all. I
Means yes. Oh
divine
And I sit with you now. What?
What is wrong with my life?
Which I thought was a good idea?
My God, this is embarrassing, I want to make it clear
I am the fastest and the best. Do you understand? I?
I feel that this video does not even need editing. To make it awkward
The whole world hates you. I
I made the conscious decision. I will rotate a dead mouse
I mean, yes. When the world looks at this young man, he is a fighter
The doctor said he has
To order? A few weeks to live
To help Caroline, see this guy. This man suffers from a chronic disease
This is a challenge to laugh
Did you laugh or did you lose? If you lose as if you do not like?
Subscribe, if you have not already clicked this subscription button and click this subscription button, maybe if you have the opportunity click the Like button
Goodbye, everyone is bye. Good-bye